Hurray for awful N64 games! Not really, this game isn't as bad as people say. It just happens to be short, but that makes it good for speedrunning, which makes a game good to me. I don't have much to say to introduce this game, so let's get right to the run:

Jungle Land - 2:12

I'm one second slower than the TAS here, and that's with a couple small mistakes. I get hung up on the entrance to the cave, and I miss at the beginning of my second shot on the boss, but I use a strategy the TAS doesn't. I bring in two spiders into the room with the golems so that I don't have to wait for the spiders in there to fall.

Bomb Land - 2:04

Do you want to skip this level? I don't know how I got the time that I did because it looks pretty gross to me, easily the lowlight of the run. I screwed up horribly in the room with the bomb in the center, I missed the jump around the corner (though that jump is very tricky and often miss it more than once) and I fall on the second bridge. However, I got very lucky in other areas, such as getting the circle in the first box I tried and the boss not charging me once. I made my goal time (sub 2:10) but this could have gone much better. However, because of the great luck I got I'll try not to complain too much (as well as the execution of the last two levels).

Toy Land - 3:46

I tied my all-time best with this performance (hundreds of attempts), though there still are a few things to be addressed. I don't know what happened in the checkered rooms where I spin on the platforms, I kept going the wrong direction and spent a little too much time spinning. I didn't get the best of luck with the moving platforms, but I made do with them. However, that was the best cake battle I've ever gotten and the mistakes in this level were very small.

Ghost Castle - 3:52

Only four levels? Feels like an NES game... anyway, this level also went extremely well as opposed to normal, as this killed many a good run. I got lucky with the first mirror room, but not as lucky in the ghost platform room afterwards (that's what I call them). When skipping platforms you have to have very precise jumps so I was cautious. Sometimes you can slip through the fires coming out of the wheel but taking the hit is still faster than clearing a path. I get unlucky in the second mirror room, but I'm paid off in the final room before the boss. That is the hardest part of the entire run and I almost never can do it without a fall, but I did it here. The shortcut on top is another improvement over the TAS.
This was also an all-time best for me, as I can normally slip as far down as 4:30 on this level.

And that's it. A total of 11:54, a decent run for a decent game. And no, I'm not improving the 100%, this is as far as it goes with Chameleon Twist. 